##Movie Data

You are provided with a small book data set. You will need to examine the data files and read the README file to design and develop suitable abstract data types  to represent the data in your Java program (hint: User, Book and Rating classes). The data files are in [CSV](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comma-separated_values)  text format - you will have to write your own code that can parse the Movielens data. 
[small book data set](data/books_small.zip) .


The following code example uses ADTs from  [Stanford University's standard library](http://introcs.cs.princeton.edu/java/stdlib/stdlib-package.jar)  to read in a text file line by line, parse the data, and print the data to the standard output  :

~~~
		File usersFile = new File("data/users.dat");
		In inUsers = new In(usersFile);
  		//each field is separated(delimited) by a '|'
		String delims = "[|]";
		while (!inUsers.isEmpty()) {
			// get user and rating from data source
			String userDetails = inUsers.readLine();

			// parse user details string
			String[] userTokens = userDetails.split(delims);

			// output user data to console.
			if (userTokens.length == 7) {
				System.out.println("UserID: "+userTokens[0]+",First Name:"+
						userTokens[1]+",Surname:" + userTokens[2]+",Age:"+
						Integer.parseInt(userTokens[3])+",Gender:"+userTokens[4]+",Occupation:"+
						userTokens[5]);
				
			}else
			{
				throw new Exception("Invalid member length: "+userTokens.length);
			}
		}
~~~

The above code produces output similar to the following:

>UserID: 1, First Name:Leonard, Surname:Hernandez, Age:24, Gender:M, Occupation:technician
>UserID: 2, First Name:Melody, Surname:Roberson, Age:53, Gender:F, Occupation:other
>UserID: 3, First Name:Gregory, Surname:Newton, Age:23, Gender:M, Occupation:writer
>UserID: 4, First Name:Oliver, Surname:George, Age:24, Gender:M, Occupation:technician
>UserID: 5, First Name:Jenna, Surname:Parker, Age:33, Gender:F, Occupation:other

You will also need to use  suitable data structures that will support the functionality of the program.

##Serializer

Develop a serializer that can serialize/deserialize all the data into a single file. You must use a well known external data format such as XML, JSON or both. 

##Recommender API

Develop a recommender api that provides **at least** the following interface description. The interface desciption is in the form *methodName(parameter list)*. The parameter list includes required parameters - you can include more if you wish.


	addUser(firstName,lastName,age,gender,occupation)
	removeUser(userID)
	addBook(title, year, url)
	addRating(userID, movieID, rating)
	getBook(movieID)
	getUserRatings(userID)
	getUserRecommendations(userID)
	getTopFiveBooks()
	load()
	write()


##Recommender Application
Use the api to develop an end user application. This can be a simple command line interface that allows a user to access the functionality in the Recommender API(e.g. list books, rate a movie, get movie details.) . One consideration here is to include a user login facility in the application.


  