<script type="text/javascript" src="http://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js?config=default"></script>

##Analytical Analysis

The following exercised will help you learn how to analyse your programs and code:

####Initial Analysis
For each of the following algorithms, indicate:
a) a natural size metric for its inputs;
b) its basic operation;
c) whether the basic operation count can be different for inputs of the same size.

- search for a key K in a list of n numbers
- computing the sum of n numbers
- computing n!(Factorial of n)
- finding the largest element in a list of n numbers

####Mathematical Models and Tilda Notation
Refer to the code used previously in this lab:
~~~
	public static int[] doSort(int[] a){

        for (int i = 0; i < a.length - 1; i++)
        {
            int index = i;
            for (int j = i + 1; j < a.length; j++)
                if (a[j] < a[index])
                    index = j;

            int smallerNumber = a[index];
            a[index] = a[i];
            a[i] = smallerNumber;
        }
        return a;
    }
~~~
- What is the problem size for this algorithm?
- Identify the "basic operation" in the algorithm. Remember from lectures, a basic operation is usually in the inner loop that runs the most number of times.
- Define a cost model that includes the basic operation(hint: number of array accesses). This should take the form C(N) = ...).
- Use tilda notation to simlpify the cost model.

**Tilda Notation**

Use tilda notation to simplify the following:

a. $$N + 1$$
d. $$2N^3  + 15 N 2 + N$$
b. $$1 + 1/N$$
c. $$(1 + 1/N )(1 + 2/N )$$
e. $$lg(2N )/lg N$$

##Creative Exercises
**Throwing eggs from a building:** Suppose that you have an N-story building and
plenty of eggs. Suppose also that an egg is broken if it is thrown off floor F or higher,
and unhurt otherwise. Devise a strategy to determine the value of F such that the
number of broken eggs is ~lg N when using ~lg N throws, then find a way to reduce the
cost to ~2lg F.
