##Algorithm Comparison


You know from lectures that the efficiency class of both insertion and selection sort is quadratic for random arrays. Furthermore the running time should increase at a similar rate for larger inputs but insertion should be slightly faster. Prove this using an empirical approach as follows:
Using the Insertion and Selection classes from the previous section, develop an executable Java class called SortCompare that contains the following method:
~~~
public static double time(String alg, Comparable[] a) {

		double startTime = System.currentTimeMillis();
		if (alg.equals("Insertion"))
			Insertion.sort(a);
		if (alg.equals("Selection"))
			Selection.sort(a);

		return System.currentTimeMillis() - startTime;

	}
~~~




- Now create another method in SortCompare that calculates the average running time for k random arrays of size n. Refer to the slides for empirical analysis of algorithms for ideas. The signature of the method should be:
~~~
public static double timeRandomInput(String alg, int n, int k) 
~~~

Finally, write a main method similar to the following that compares the running time of the two algorithms. You can change the size and number of random arrays (1000 and 100 respectively is manageable but remember these are quadratic algorithms!)
~~~
public static void main(String[] args) {
		
			String alg1 = "Insertion";
			String alg2 = "Selection";

			StdOut.println("Enter the input size of the Date arrays:");
			int n = StdIn.readInt();
			StdOut.println("Enter the number of different inputs to be generated:");
			int k = StdIn.readInt();
			double t1 = timeRandomInput(alg1, n, k); // total for alg1
			double t2 = timeRandomInput(alg2, n, k); // total for alg2
			StdOut.printf("For %d random Dates\n %s is", n, alg1);
			StdOut.printf(" %.1f times faster than %s\n", t2 / t1, alg2);
		

	}
~~~

- Do a couple of runs on your computer and see if the results match to what you expected from the notes.  
As a challenge, try to modify your SortCompare class to generate a partially sorted array instead of random. Then compare the running times again. If the theory is correct, Insertion should be quicker. 
