##Movie Data

You are provided with the following data adapted from  [MovieLens](https://movielens.org/). You will need to examine the data files and read the README file to design and develop suitable abstract data types  to represent the data in your Java program (hint: User, Movie and Rating classes). The Movie lens files are in [CSV](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comma-separated_values)  text format - you will have to write your own code that can parse the Movielens data. 
You will use the following two data sets; a large data set and a small data set. It might be more convenient to use the smaller data set in the early part of development, then move to the larger data set later on.
[small data set](data/moviedata_small.zip) .
[large data set](data/moviedata.zip) .


The following code example uses ADTs from  [Stanford University's standard library](http://introcs.cs.princeton.edu/java/stdlib/stdlib-package.jar)  to read in a text file line by line, parse the data, and print the data to the standard output  :

~~~
		File usersFile = new File("data_movieLens/users5.dat");
		In inUsers = new In(usersFile);
  		//each field is separated(delimited) by a '|'
		String delims = "[|]";
		while (!inUsers.isEmpty()) {
			// get user and rating from data source
			String userDetails = inUsers.readLine();

			// parse user details string
			String[] userTokens = userDetails.split(delims);

			// output user data to console.
			if (userTokens.length == 7) {
				System.out.println("UserID: "+userTokens[0]+",First Name:"+
						userTokens[1]+",Surname:" + userTokens[2]+",Age:"+
						Integer.parseInt(userTokens[3])+",Gender:"+userTokens[4]+",Occupation:"+
						userTokens[5]);
				
			}else
			{
				throw new Exception("Invalid member length: "+userTokens.length);
			}
		}
~~~

The above code produces output similar to the following:

>UserID: 1, First Name:Leonard, Surname:Hernandez, Age:24, Gender:M, Occupation:technician
>UserID: 2, First Name:Melody, Surname:Roberson, Age:53, Gender:F, Occupation:other
>UserID: 3, First Name:Gregory, Surname:Newton, Age:23, Gender:M, Occupation:writer
>UserID: 4, First Name:Oliver, Surname:George, Age:24, Gender:M, Occupation:technician
>UserID: 5, First Name:Jenna, Surname:Parker, Age:33, Gender:F, Occupation:other

You will also need to use  suitable data structures that will support the functionality of the program.

##Serializer

Develop a serializer that can serialize/deserialize all the data into a single file. You must use a well known external data format such as XML, JSON or both. 

##Recommender API

Develop a recommender api that provides **at least** the following interface description. The interface desciption is in the form *methodName(parameter list)*. The parameter list includes required parameters - you can include more if you wish.


	addUser(firstName,lastName,age,gender,occupation)
	removeUser(userID)
	addMovie(title, year, url)
	addRating(userID, movieID, rating)
	getMovie(movieID)
	getUserRatings(userID)
	getUserRecommendations(userID)
	getTopTenMovies()
	load()
	write()


##Recommender Application
Use the api to develop an end user application. This can be a simple command line interface that allows a user to access the functionality in the Recommender API(e.g. list movies, rate a movie, get movie details.) . One consideration here is to include a user login facility in the application.


  