##Making recommendations

The following are two possible approaches for implementing the recommendation function.
###Approach 1:
A simple approach would be to make almost the same prediction for every member. In this case the program would simply calculate the average rating for all the films in the database, sort the films by rating and then from that sorted list, suggest the top 5 films that the member hasn't already rated. With this simple approach, the only information unique to the member used by the prediction algorithm was whether or not the member had seen a film.
###Approach 2:
A better prediction about what a member might like by considering his actual ratings in the past and how these ratings compare to the ratings given by other customers. Consider how you decide on movie recommendations from friends. If a friend tells you about a number of movies that s(he) enjoyed and you also enjoyed them, then when your friend recommends another movie that you have never seen, you probably are willing to go see it. On the other hand, if you and a different friend always tend to disagree about movies, you are not likely to go to see a movie this friend recommends.
A program can calculate how similar two users are by treating their ratings as a vector and calculating the dot product of these two vectors (the dot product is just the sum of the products of each of the corresponding elements.) For example, suppose we had 3 films in our database and Paddy rated them [5, 3,-5], Clodagh rated them [1, 5,-3], Ronan rated them [5, -3, 5], and Michael rated them [1, 3, 0]. 
>The similarity between Paddy and Ronan is:      (5 x 5) + (3 x -3) + (-5 x 5) = 25 - 9 - 25 = -9. 
>The similarity between Paddy and Clodagh is: (5 x 1) + (3 x 5) + (-5 x -3) = 5 + 15 + 15 = 35. The similarity between Paddy and Michael is:    (5 x 1) + (3 x 3) + (-5 x 0) = 5 + 9 + 0 = 14. 


We see that if both people like a film (rating it with a positive number) it increases their similarity and if both people dislike a film (both giving it a negative number) it also increases their similarity.
Once you have calculated the similarity between Paddy and every other customer, you can then identify whose ratings are most similar to Paddy's. In this case Clodagh is most similar to Paddy, so we would recommend to Paddy the top films from Clodagh's list that Paddy hadn't already rated.






