# Specification



You will implement autocomplete in two different ways.

- **BruteAutocomplete.java**, a brute-force solution.
- **QuickAutocomplete.java**, will use a more complex data structure to improve performance.

As you will know from using autocomplete, speed is important.

##BruteAutocomplete.java

Write an data type **BruteAutoComplete.java** that implements the interface shown below. Your brute-force implementation should maintain the terms and weights in a suitable implementation of **List**.

~~~ java
public interface AutoComplete{

	// Returns the weight of the term, or 0.0 if no such term.
	public double weightOf(String term);

	// Returns the highest weighted matching term, or null if no matching term.
	public String bestMatch(String prefix);

	// Returns the highest weighted k matching terms (in descending order of weight), as an
	// iterable.
	// If fewer than k matches, return all matching terms (in descending order
	// of weight).
	public Iterable<String> matches(String prefix, int k);
}
~~~

### Implementation Details
- you will need to create a suitable abstract data type to represent the terms (i.e. a Term class)
- **Constructor:** The constructor should throw an IllegalArgumentException unless the arguments are valid: a List of terms; the weights are strictly positive; and no term is included more than once.
- **matches():**To find the top k matching terms, scan through all of the terms, identifying those that start with the given prefix, and return the top k such terms. The matches() method should throw a IllegalArgumentException if k is negative.
- Each method and constructor should throw a NullPointerException if any argument is null.

- Your constructor for BruteAutocomplete should be *subquadratic* , and your bestMatch() and matches() methods should be *subquadratic*.

##Autocorrect Application
Use the api to develop an end user application. This can be a simple command line interface that allows a user to access the functionality in the Autocomplete API.

